Issues

You will need to be able to input and output on STDIN/STDOUT and also
files as necessary for the commands, but not for the ft_ssl itself.
dispatcher buu-rp function pointers

-s	string
	     Print a checksum of the given string.

     -p	     Echo stdin	to stdout and append the checksum to stdout. вывести на экран исходный текст

     -q	     Quiet mode	-- only	the checksum is	printed	out.  Overrides	the -r
	     option.

     -r	     Reverses the format of the	output.	 This helps with visual	diffs.
	     Does nothing when combined	with the -ptx options.

       The md5, sha1, sha256, sha512, sha512t256 and rmd160 utilities exit 0 on
     success, 1	if at least one	of the input files could not be	read, and 2 if
     at	least one file does not	have the same hash as the -c option.

     64-битовое представление b (размер исходного сообщения в битах) добавляется в
     конец результата предыдущего этапа. В редких случаях, когда b больше 2^64, используются только младшие 64 бита значения b.
     md5 -s "sdfdsf"
     MD5 ("sdfdsf") = 20838a8df7cc0babd745c7af4b7d94e2
-q -p and -r -p дают одинаковый другой результат, отличный от по отдельности
предусмотреть наличие файла

64 * (len / 64 + 1)
./a.out md5 sfdsgsg
(null): invalid option -- f
нужно ли оставлять перевод строки как часть текста?

MD5 uses big-endian convention at bit level, then little-endian convention at byte level.

In this document a "word" is a 32-bit quantity and a "byte" is an
   eight-bit quantity. A sequence of bits can be interpreted in a
   natural manner as a sequence of bytes, where each consecutive group
   of eight bits is interpreted as a byte with the high-order (most
   significant) bit of each byte listed first. Similarly, a sequence of
   bytes can be interpreted as a sequence of 32-bit words, where each
   consecutive group of four bytes is interpreted as a word with the
   low-order (least significant) byte given first.

	 доделать функцию сдвига

usage: md5 [-pqrtx] [-s string] [files ...] если нет строки после с
выдает разный результат при одинаковых данных
-р оригинал ждет ввода
The original message is always padded with one bit "1" first.
The length of the original message in bytes is converted to its binary format of 64 bits. If overflow happens, only the low-order 64 bits are used.
не работает с нулевой строкой
